Entity cost insights (#14392)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/shaggy-moles-jump.md

---
'@backstage/plugin-cost-insights': patch
---

> Support displaying cost insights for a catalog entity

Reviewer: Let's add a bit more context to this changeset. Perhaps: 
```suggestion
Added support for displaying entity cost insights by implementing the new `getCatalogEntityDailyCost` that's part of  the `CostInsightsApi`.
```
